update with remaining JS highlights (#3003)
Azure/azure-sdk: releases/2021-06/index.md

  - Ingest farm operations data covering tilling, planting, harvesting and application of farm inputs.

> - Form Recognizer SDK for JS released a new GA version 3.1.0. This General Availability (GA) release marks the stability of the changes introduced in package versions 3.1.0-beta.1 through 3.1.0-beta.3.

Author: ```suggestion
- Form Recognizer SDK for JS (`@azure/ai-form-recognizer`) released a new GA version: 3.1.0. This General Availability (GA) release marks the stability of the changes introduced in package versions 3.1.0-beta.1 through 3.1.0-beta.3.
```

- Communication Relay has released a first beta for JS package @azure/communication-network-traversal. Azure Communication Network Traversal is managing tokens for Azure Communication Services.

> - Monitor Query has released a first beta for JS package, which allows you to query Log Analytics Workspaces for logs and metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitor Query (`@azure/monitor-query`) has released 1.0.0-beta.1, which allows you to query Log Analytics Workspaces for logs and metrics.
```
```suggestion
- Monitor Query has released a first beta for JS package, which allows you to query Log Analytics Workspaces for logs and metrics.
```
```suggestion
- Monitor Query (`@azure/monitor-query`) has released a first beta for JS package, which allows you to query Log Analytics Workspaces for logs and metrics.
```

- Models Repository service has released a first beta for JS package @azure/iot-modelsrepository. This package contains the `ModelsRepositoryClient` to talk to the Azure Models Repository service, with initial support for getting models and helper functions for working with DTMIs.

> - Cognitive Search SDK for JS has released a new GA version 11.2.0.

Author: ```suggestion
- Cognitive Search SDK for JS (`@azure/search-documents`) has released a new GA version: 11.2.0.
```

> - Eventgrid SDK for JS has released a new GA version 4.3.0.

Author: ```suggestion
- Eventgrid SDK for JS (`@azure/eventgrid`) has released a new GA version: 4.3.0.
```

> - Storage has released new GA versions for @azure/storage-file-share, @azure/storage-blob, @azure/storage-file-datalake, @azure/storage-queue SDKs with Azure Storage Service API version 2020-08-04.

Author: ```suggestion
- Storage has released new GA versions for `@azure/storage-file-share`, `@azure/storage-blob`, `@azure/storage-file-datalake`, `@azure/storage-queue` SDKs with Azure Storage Service API version 2020-08-04.
```

> - Tables SDK for JS has released a new GA version 12.0.0. It has fixes for transaction issues when there are multiple transactions and date serializations, added support for generating SAS tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
- Tables SDK for JS (`@azure/data-tables`) has released a new GA version: 12.0.0. It has fixes for transaction issues when there are multiple transactions and date serializations, added support for generating SAS tokens.
```

> - Service Bus SDK for JS has released a new GA version 7.2.0. It enables encoding the body of a message, which allows you to take advantage of native AMQP serialization for supported primitives or sequences.It improves cancellation support when sending messages or initializing a connection to the service. This version has a few bug fixes too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service Bus SDK for JS has released a new GA version: 7.2.0. It enables encoding the body of a message using native AMQP serialization for supported primitives or sequences. In addition, cancellation support has been improved when sending messages or initializing a connection to the service.
```

Maybe?
